Cicd nightly trigger fix (#2284)
raft-tech/TANF-app: .circleci/README.md

This script is used in most cases. It will generate a complete config for building, testing, and deploying.

#### generate_nightly_owasp_config.sh
This is used to run nightly scans. It is used when the pipeline parameter `run_nightly_owasp_scan` is set to true. This is done via a pipeline schedule that needs to be [created in Circle Ci manually](https://circleci.com/docs/scheduled-pipelines/#project-settings). This is because the syntaxt for scheduled workflows is [not compatable](https://circleci.com/docs/scheduled-pipelines/#migrate-scheduled-workflows) with Dynamic Configurations. Instructions for creating this schedule can be found at the end of this README.

The config is split based on pipeline tasks. There are separate directories for `build-and-test`, `infrastructure`, `deployment`, `owasp`, and `util`. These are described below.

### Directory structure

#### build-and-test
Contains workflows, jobs, and commands for building and testing the application.

#### infrastructure
Contains workflows, jobs, and commands for setting up the infrastructure on Cloud gov.

#### deployment
Contains workflows, jobs, and commands for deploying the application on Cloud gov.

#### owasp

> Contains workflows, jobs, and commands for running OWASP scans on the application in during the pipelien and on Cloud gov environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains workflows, jobs, and commands for running OWASP scans on the application in during the pipeline against Cloud.gov environments.
```

#### util

> Contains workflows that pertain to specific tasks, like `erd`, and jobs and comands that are used by multiple sections of the pipeline, like `cf-check`. This is important to allow different versions of the generated_config.yml to have access to all the needed jobs and commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains utility workflows like `cf-check` that are reused in different versions of the generated_config.yml as to have access to these common functions. It also has one-offs like `erd`.
```

### Navigation examples
What if you want to look at the jobs that we used to build and test the application?

This is easy. We first go to the `build-and-test` directory then open the jobs.yml

`build-and-test/ -> jobs.yml`

<hr />

What if you want to know how Terraform is used by our pipeline?

Terraform is used to set up infrastruture so we would start in the `infrastructure` directory. To see how terraform is actualy used you would look in commands since that is generally where Circle Ci actually runs things. Within the `deploy-infrastructure` command in the commands.yml you can see that a terraform orb is beign used to run terraform commands.

`infrastructure/ -> commands.yml -> deploy-infrastructure`

<hr />

> What if you want to know when the how deployments are triggered?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What if you want to know how the deployments are triggered?
```

We know we want the `deployments` directory. To see how a pipeline is started we look at workflow.yml. Then we find the desired workflow.

`deployment/ -> workflows.yml -> desired workflow`

## Setting up scheduled pipeline for nightly OWASP scans
We want a scheduled pipeline that runs once a day with the pipeline parameter `run_nightly_owasp_scan` set to `true`. You can use [these instructions](https://circleci.com/docs/scheduled-pipelines/#project-settings) from the docs or follow the instructions below.

In Circle Ci go to `Project Settings -> Triggers -> Add Triggers`

You want the Trigger Source to be scheduled.

You want Repeats to be weekly.

You want to select all for days and months.

You want the start time to be at 0:00 UTC.

You want to repeat once per hour.

> You want to set the branch to be the branch you want this scan to be run on.

Reviewer: We only ever want this to be `develop`, no? Also can't the nightly scan be triggered against the deployed sites like prod and staging? Or is that a different workflow?

Author: The branch is required. We want to do it on the environments associated with Raft develop, HHS main, and HHS master. The Pipeline scheduler requires a branch although I am unsure how it is used. I think its just to associate the schedule with a branch.
